---
title: "Short Poems from 2020"
date: 2021-03-28 13:30:00 -0700
categories: poetry
tags: poetry
excerpt: ""
---

## Expression

*A tightness of the chest*  
*Something's trying to escape*  
*But it's held inside your body*  
*By words you'll never make*  

*Yearning to be shouted*  
*In your heart it squirms around*  
*To escape through art or writing*  
*Through movement, or through sound*

## Counting Sheep

*Beside me in comfort - the girl that I love*  
*Beside me in slumber -  the girl that I love*  
*But no matter the number - of sheep from above*  
*I lie awake dreaming - of the girl that I love*

## Grumppitting

<sup>When you tell your SO a dad-joke during a serious conversation and they respond with "lfgdjhfdssjdlajslkdjals"</sup>

*She gurgled and raggled and snurkled*  
*Grumppitted! fibbited! yordeld!*  
*But underneath all that she burbled*  
*She giggled and smiled and chortled*

## To Capture You (Briefly) in Metaphors

<sup>To Emma for our second anniversary. For some context: she usually drifts off at night in the dim red light of my headlamp, as I try to cram a little bit more reading into my day.</sup>

*Cleansing spring air*  
*Sunshine with friends*  
*Warm summer nights*  
*Days without ends*  

*End dark and close*  
*Illuminated in red*  
*Warm soft breaths*  
*Beside me in bed*  

*Happy anniversary*  
*I will always love you*  
*To many more years*  
*but to only two, too*

## The Blinking of an Eye

<sup>
On Oct 27th, 2020, my Dad checked himself in to the hospital in Ottawa late in the night for really bad heart burn. He ended up having a heart attack and getting emergency double-bypass surgery. Thankfully, after a couple months of convalesence he is almost fully recovered.
</sup><br/><br/><sup>
I think he must have suspected something abnormal, because his life has been full of heart-burn and not of hospital-visits, but it still came as a shock for all of us. By the blessing of being a couple timezones behind Ontario I was the only one awake when he got the diagnosis, and he was adamant that I not wake up my Mom or Sister.
</sup><br/><br/><sup>
Guys are dumb, right? My Mom has stayed by him most of his life, and to give her a good nights sleep and spare her the anxiety he decided it would be better if she didn't know he was having a heart attack. Is that what "love is blind" is supposed to mean?
</sup><br/><br/><sup>
Anyways, I stayed up all night and the following day, just looking off into space, and I wrote this poem the follwing night to try to lay some turbulent thoughts to rest. 
</sup>

*My Dad had a heart attack - he's alright, but it was pretty scary*  
*I sat up on the couch most of the night, just vacantly staring*  

*Drifting in and out of sleep, and wondering why*  
*Wondering if my 'young' Dad, was going to die*  

*We think some things are constant, they're not worth clinging onto*  
*but then one day they're gone, just memories to haunt you*  

*So I'll cling a moment now, cherish everything I have*  
*and give thanks to god and doctors, for leaving me my dad*  

*The world wades around us, and time creeps softly by*  
*but then all at once it changes, the blinking of an eye*
